docs/1. Get_Started with Snip.md, before:

Getting Started
==========

step 1: install MtHamlMore using composer.
```
"scil/mthaml-more": "*"
```

step 2:  snip file mysnips.php ,defining one snip named box
```
<?php
$box=<<<S
.title
    @@@title
.body
    @@@body
S;
?>
```

step 3:  haml file callSnip.haml
```
@box
    _title an example
    _body
        %p content
```

step 4: php code
```
// ROOT_DIR is the root dir of MtHamlMore
require ROOT_DIR."/vendor/autoload.php";
$hamlfile=__DIR__ . '/php.haml';
$compiled = \MtHaml\More\Entry::compilePhpMoreHaml(
    file_get_contents($hamlfile),
    array( 'enable_escaper' => false,),
    array(
        'uses'=>array('mysnips.php'),
        'filename'=>$hamlfile,
));
echo "<h1>rendered template:</h1>\n";
echo $compiled;
```

note: in the 3rd argument of function compilePhpMoreHaml, key 'filename' is important, if no 'filename', then haml string will be parsed like normal haml without any MtHamlMore feature.
code: MtHaml\More\Environment::compileString

Commit message:

add doc in Entry.php

docs/1. Get_Started with Snip.md, after:

Getting Started
==========

step 1: install MtHamlMore using composer.
```
"scil/mthaml-more": "*"
```

step 2:  snip file mysnips.php ,defining one snip named box
```
<?php
$box=<<<S
.title
    @@@title
.body
    @@@body
S;
?>
```

step 3:  haml file callSnip.haml
```
@box
    _title an example
    _body
        %p content
```

step 4: php code
```
// ROOT_DIR is the root dir of MtHamlMore
require ROOT_DIR."/vendor/autoload.php";
$hamlfile=__DIR__ . '/php.haml';
$compiled = \MtHaml\More\Entry::compilePhpMoreHaml(
    file_get_contents($hamlfile),
    array( 'enable_escaper' => false,),
    array(
        'uses'=>array('mysnips.php'),
        'filename'=>$hamlfile,
));
echo "<h1>rendered template:</h1>\n";
echo $compiled;
```

note:

1. in the 3rd argument of function compilePhpMoreHaml, key 'filename' is important, if no 'filename', then haml string will be parsed like normal haml without any MtHamlMore feature.
code: MtHaml\More\Environment::compileString

2. this function only is a helper, you can see his content at lib/MtHaml/More/Entry.php and use your own way to compile haml.
