Hint
----

these two snippets are same:
```
@box
    _ this is title
    _ this is content
```

```
@box
_ this is title
_ this is content
```
code: \MtHamlMore\NodeVisitor\MakesurePlaceholderValue::enterSnipCaller, PlaceholderValue is appended to SnipCaller as child

Glossary
----
* snip : a haml snippet which could be inserted into a haml string or another snip

* PlaceHolder : one type of Node, part of snip, which allow user to insert custom content.
default values can be defined for a Placeholder, and you can call default values using '@@default',which is parsed as PlaceholderDefaultCaller.

* InlinePlaceholder :it's different with Placeholder, just like block element vs inline element in web DOM.
    * Warning: InlineSnipCaller is not a type of Node, it's parsed before parsing haml tree, see:
        MtHamlMore\Environment::parseInlinePlaceholder

* snip file : where snips live. snip file is parsed by the instance of Snip\SnipHouseInterface , which should be appointed at the first line of snip file
    * example: -# SnipParser="\MtHamlMore\Snip\SnipFileParser"
    * this is the default parser, you can ignore it.

* SnipCaller : a Node in a haml tree used to insert snip. "@box" is a SnipCaller used to insert snip "box".

* InlineSnipCaller : like InlinePlaceholder

* uses : a team of snip files used by a haml file or a snip file. snip files used by a haml is configed by option 'uses',
snip files by a snip file is configed by variable $__MtHamlMore_uses when the snip file is parsed by the default parser "\MtHamlMore\Snip\SnipFileParser"

* mixes : a team of snip files mixed with a snip file.
they are configed by variable $__MtHamlMore_mixes when the snip file is parsed by the default parser "\MtHamlMore\Snip\SnipFileParser"


Precautions
----

### Snip Attributes
1. Snip Attributes values can be supplied using SnipCaller Attributes with normal style or named argument style.
    for example there is a snip defined using closure
    ```
    $box = function($title,$body){
        return ".box\n  .title $title\n  .body $body";
    };
    ```
    you can supply attribute values using anyone of there ways:
    ```
    @box(my_title my_body)
    @box(title="my_title" body="my_body")
    @box(title="my_title" my_body)
    @box(body="my_body" my_title)
    ```
    ruby style is also allowed:
    ```
    @box{"my_title","my_body"}
    @box{:title => "my_title",:body => "my_body"}
    ```

2. SnipCaller Attributes are parsed using Tag Attributes method, so SnipCaller Attributes syntax must observe Tag Attributes syntax.
    for example , it's illegal for html style
    ```
    @box("my title" "my body"}
    ```
    you should use ruby style
    ```
    @box{"my title" "my body"}
    ```
    source code: \MtHamlMore\Parser::parseSnipCallerAttributes

### snip file order when searching snip
if your set uses
```
'uses'=>array('1.php','2.php','3.php','1.php');
```
order of there uses is : 1.php > 3.php > 2.php,  snip file added later, priority level higher


But there is a file which be searched first of all, it's the haml file or the snip file where current parsed snip lives.

for example, a haml file shiped with some snips
```
@name
-#
  <?php
  $name='MtHamlMore';
```
comppiled output is always 'MtHamlMore' regardless of any snip files are supplied using 'uses'=>array().

example 2, a snip file
```
<?php
$__MtHamlMore_uses=__DIR__.'\common1.php;' . __DIR__.'\common2.php;';
$title=<<<S
%h1
    @@@
S;
$welcometitle=function($name){
    return "@title welcome $name";
};
?>
```
if you call snip "welcomtitle"
```
@welcometitle(Jim)
```
Output always is
```
<h1>
  welcome Jim
</h1>
```
no matter there is snip named title in common1.php or common2.php.


